README.md, before:

# St. Peter’s School, Bharatpur — Project Website

This repository contains the source code for a school project website dedicated to St. Peter’s Sr. Sec. School, Bharatpur. Please note that this website is a student project and is **not officially affiliated** with St. Peter’s Sr. Sec. School, Bharatpur. All information presented has been sourced from the school’s original website.

## Features

- **Dynamic Navigation Menu**: Menu headers can be locked by clicking, allowing users to keep any menu open without continuous mouse interaction.
- **Responsive Design**: The website adapts its colour scheme based on the system’s ‘Dark Mode’ settings, providing a seamless experience in both light and dark modes.
- **Interactive Elements**: Text elements that display an underline on hover can be copied to the clipboard with a click, such as the affiliation number and school code in the header.
- **Image Carousel**: Incorporates a carousel on the ‘Academics > Results’ page for showcasing images or announcements.

## Installation

To run this project locally:

1. **Clone the repository**:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/PerfunctoryOrator/spsbtp.git
   cd spsbtp
   ```

2. **Open the website**:

   Open `index.html` in your preferred web browser to view the website.

## Credits

- **Carousel Engine**: The carousel engine used on the ‘Academics > Results’ page is credited to [Rahul C.](https://github.com/c99rahul), and is covered under the MIT License.
- **Icons**:
  - ‘Scroll to Top’ arrow icon: [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/)
  - ‘Info’ and ‘Contact’ icons in the header: [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/)

## Disclaimer

This website is a school project created by **Yashdeep Singh Fauzdar** and is not affiliated with St. Peter’s Sr. Sec. School, Bharatpur. All information on this website has been taken from the school’s original website.

## Licence

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](https://github.com/PerfunctoryOrator/spsbtp/blob/main/LICENSE) file for more details.

---

For a live preview of the website, visit: [https://perfunctoryorator.github.io/spsbtp/](https://perfunctoryorator.github.io/spsbtp/)

Commit message:

Added Google’s Material Icons Licence

README.md, after:

# St. Peter’s School, Bharatpur — Project Website

This repository contains the source code for a school project website dedicated to St. Peter’s Sr. Sec. School, Bharatpur. Please note that this website is a student project and is **not officially affiliated** with St. Peter’s Sr. Sec. School, Bharatpur. All information presented has been sourced from the school’s original website.

## Features

- **Dynamic Navigation Menu**: Menu headers can be locked by clicking, allowing users to keep any menu open without continuous mouse interaction.
- **Responsive Design**: The website adapts its colour scheme based on the system’s ‘Dark Mode’ settings, providing a seamless experience in both light and dark modes.
- **Interactive Elements**: Text elements that display an underline on hover can be copied to the clipboard with a click, such as the affiliation number and school code in the header.
- **Image Carousel**: Incorporates a carousel on the ‘Academics > Results’ page for showcasing images or announcements.

## Installation

To run this project locally:

1. **Clone the repository**:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/PerfunctoryOrator/spsbtp.git
   cd spsbtp
   ```

2. **Open the website**:

   Open `index.html` in your preferred web browser to view the website.

## Credits

- **Carousel Engine**: The carousel engine used on the ‘Academics > Results’ page is credited to [Rahul C.](https://github.com/c99rahul), and is covered under the MIT License.
- **Icons**:
  - ‘Scroll to Top’ arrow icon: [Google’s Material Icons](https://fonts.google.com/icons)
  - ‘Info’ and ‘Contact’ icons in the header: [Google’s Material Icons](https://fonts.google.com/icons)

## Disclaimer

This website is a school project created by **Yashdeep Singh Fauzdar** and is not affiliated with St. Peter’s Sr. Sec. School, Bharatpur. All information on this website has been taken from the school’s original website.

## Licence

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more details.
The icons used in this project are from [Google’s Material Icons](https://fonts.google.com/icons) and are licensed under the [Apache License 2.0](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0). See [LICENSE_Material_Icons](LICENSE_Material_Icons) for details. The original SVGs were slightly modified for integration purposes.

---

For a live preview of the website, visit: [https://perfunctoryorator.github.io/spsbtp/](https://perfunctoryorator.github.io/spsbtp/)
